## Film Query Project

Film Query Project is an application that a user can use to search through a database of films to find a variety of details such as release year, length, rating, and cast. The user can search for a movie by movie id number if it is known, or search by key word that will match to the films title or description.

## How To Use
Upon startup the user is prompted to make a numerical selection that corresponds with the choice they are making. The user is presented with three options. Search by film id, search by key word, or exit. When the user selects search by user id the user is then prompted to enter the user id. If a matching film is found it is displayed to the user and if a match is not found, the user if informed that no match was able to be found. When selecting search by keyword the user can input any combination of text and it will be compared to the titles and descriptions within the database and present any matches. If no matches are found, the user is notified that no matches were found.

## Topics/Technologies used
ORM, JDBC, SQL, Maven Dependencies, Continued use of the usual suspects from previous Java projects.

## Lessons Learned
This one was a lot of fun. Partially because of the fun film descriptions and titles I had the pleasure of reading during all of the testing but also because it just seemed easier. Not sure if this was actually easier than past projects or if maybe I am just catching on a bit more which makes it feel easier....thus the mystery. Either way it was certainly just fun to be back to coding in java after the past couple of weeks. Using the databases and SQL is actually a lot of fun. More than I thought it would be. I really did not struggle too much with this one as it was pretty straight forward and aligned perfectly with the material that was presented over the week. There was so little ambiguity that simply re reading through the materials and watching past videos not only answered any questions I had but almost held my hand and guided me through the project. Overall it was just fun and kind of felt like I was playing a game. I really would have liked to finish all of the stretch goals and know I could have done them if I had the luxury of time. But weekends....one kid clogged the sink with toilet paper while another let the dog outside and was running down the street half naked with a 2 year old Lab/Australian Sheppard mix....so thats where half my day went.
